The name of the series is separate, and the length of the light is really long.
If it succeeds, it will be illuminated and solid, and it will be confirmed that there is no mistake.
People are just misbelieving,
It’s not the fake first prince. After killing the former first prince,
He who comes like me, come, is not emperor,
The real big brother of TV,
He really looks exactly like the eldest prince.
How to get rid of people? The person in front of me is riding the eldest prince.
These are it,
These, these are our past hatreds.
This is what happened.
Restoring the emperor, these things,
This is where you, General, will find this person.
how can you prove
I mean he's real
You want you to die and understand